Add verification case ver-1m (#411)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/verification_and_validation/ver-1m.md

# ver-1m

> # Heat Transfer and Hydrogen Diffusion in U-ZrH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Heat Transfer and Hydrogen Thermodiffusion in U-ZrH
```

## General Case Description

> This verification case is taken from [!cite](huang01102000) which considers hydrogen diffusion through a uranium zirconium hydride (UZrH) fuel pellet under the influence of a temperature gradient. The driving forces of hydrogen migration are Fickian diffusion (which was verified in other verification cases including [ver-1b](ver-1b.md) and [ver-1dd](ver-1dd.md)), and the Soret effect (which was verified in [ver-1l](ver-1l.mb)). The temperature profile in the fuel is calcualted from conduction with heat generation which is verified in [ver-1fa](ver-1fa.mb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This verification case is taken from [!cite](huang01102000) which considers hydrogen diffusion through a uranium zirconium hydride (UZrH) fuel pellet under the influence of a temperature gradient. The driving forces of hydrogen migration are Fickian diffusion (which was verified in other verification cases including [ver-1b](ver-1b.md) and [ver-1dd](ver-1dd.md)), and the Soret effect (which was verified in [ver-1l](ver-1l.mb)). The novelty of this verification case is the coupling of the two phenomena. The temperature profile in the fuel is calcualted from conduction with heat generation which is verified in [ver-1fa](ver-1fa.mb)
```

\end{equation}

where $T$ is the temperature, $\rho$ is the density, $C_P$ is the specific heat, $k$ is the thermal conductivity, and $q'''$ is the internal volumetric heat generation rate.

The conduction equation is evaluated across the fuel, gap and cladding with a convective boundary condition to model heat transfer into the coolant.

The outer boundary of the fuel pellet is impermeable (zero hydrogen flux) and there are no hydrogen sources or sinks within the fuel pellet. The initial concentration in terms of atomic fraction H/Zr throughout the domain is uniformly $C_0$ = 1.6.

The governing equation for the coupled Fickian diffusion and the Soret effect is described as:

\begin{equation} \label{eq:hydrogen_diffusion}
    \frac{\partial c_H}{\partial t} = \nabla\cdot\left[-D\left(\nabla c_H+\frac{Q^\ast c_H}{RT^2}\nabla T\right)\right],
\end{equation}

where $c_H$ is the hydrogen atom fraction, $D$ is the diffusivity, and $Q^\ast$ is the heat of transport. The diffusivity is a function of temperature, given by the Arrhenius relation [!cite](majer_mechanism_1994):

\begin{equation}
    D=D_0exp\left(-\frac{E_a}{RT}\right),
\end{equation}

> where $D_0$ is the limiting diffusivity in m^2/s $E_a$ is the activation energy in kJ/mol, R is the gas constant in J/Kmol and T is the temperature in K.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $D_0$ is the limiting diffusivity in m^2/s $E_a$ is the activation energy in kJ/mol, $R$ is the gas constant in J/Kmol, and $T$ is the temperature in K.
```

The material properties and case parameters are provided in [ver-1m_set_up_values].

> !table id=ver-1m_set_up_values caption=Values of material properties and case geometry for the UZrH hydrogen migration verification problem.

Reviewer: Given your note below the table, I recommend adding a `Ref.` columns to list the relevant reference `[!cite](huang01102000)` or state that it is an estimate.

| Parameter    | Description                        | Value    | Units       |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| $r_f$          | Pin radius                         | 0.005    | m           |
| $t_g$        | Gap thickness                      | 0.0001   | m           |
| $t_c$        | Cladding thickness                 | 0.001    | m           |
| $k_f$        | Fuel thermal conductivity          | 17.6     | W/mK        |
| $k_c$        | Cladding thermal conductivity      | 16.5     | W/mK        |
| $C_g$        | Gap conductance                    | 7381     | $W/m^2K$    |
| $h_c$        | Coolant heat transfer coefficient  | 18000    | $W/m^2K$    |
| $T_{\infty}$ | Temperature of coolant             | 563.15   | K           |
| $D$          | Diffusion coefficient              | 2.18e-11 | m$^2$/s     |
| $Q^\ast$     | Heat of Transport                  | 53       | kJ/mol      |
| $C_0$        | Initial concentration              | 1.6      | -           |

> | $R$          | Gas constant                       | 8.314    | J/molK      |

Reviewer: Use the value from https://tmap8.inl.gov/source/utils/TMAP8PhysicalConstants.html#physicalconstants instead, and specify this in the reference column. 

```suggestion
| $R$          | Gas constant                       | 8.31446261815324    | J/molK      | [PhysicalConstants](source/utils/TMAP8PhysicalConstants.md) | 
```

| LHR          | Linear heating rate                | 150-300  | W/cm        |

> Note: These parameter values were either chosen according to the values published or based on reasonable values to recreate the temperature profile in [!cite](huang01102000). Four different linear heating rates were used, 150, 200, 250 and 300 W/cm. The diffusion coefficient is technically different for each linear heating rate as calculated by the equation above, but the value does not impact the steady state solution, so one constant value is assumed.

Reviewer: If only one constant value is used, then specify that `E_a=0` in the table.

> The verification focuses on two aspects of the solution: (1) the final steady state spatial hydrogen concentration profile, and (2) the steady state temperature profile.

Reviewer: this is a detail, but since the temperature solution comes first after, let's list it first:

```suggestion
The verification focuses on two aspects of the solution: (1) the steady state temperature profile and (2) the final steady state spatial hydrogen concentration profile.
```

\begin{equation}
      T_c = T_\infty + q'[\frac{1}{2 \pi r_f h_g} + \frac{ln(\frac{r_{co}}{r_{ci}})}{2 \pi k_c} + \frac{1}{2 \pi r_{co} h_w} + \frac{1}{4 \pi r_f^2}]
\end{equation}

For the analytical steady state hydrogen profile, it is assumed that the temperature profile has already reached steady state and does not vary with time. This assumption is valid since hydrogen diffusion is a very slow process compared to conduction.

For steady state, radial hydrogen redistribution the diffusion equation described previously becomes:

\begin{equation}
    0 = \frac{d c_H}{dr} + \frac{Q^\ast C}{RT^2}\frac{dT}{dr}
\end{equation}

The analytical solution to this was calculated by [!cite](stefano_terlizzi_asymptotic_2023):

\begin{equation}
    c_H(r) = K *exp(\frac{Q^\ast}{RT(r)}),
\end{equation}

where T(r) is the temperature profile and K is determined from mass conservation, assuming that the initial concentration ($C_0$) is uniform:

\begin{equation}
    K = \frac{C_0\pi r_f^2}{\int_{0}^{r_f} r \, \exp\!\left(\frac{Q}{RT(r)}\right) \, dr}
\end{equation}

## Results

### Steady state results

> [ver-1m_comparison_analytical_temperature_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the temperature as a function of the distance from the center. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, yielding a maximum root mean square percentage error of RMSPE = 0.18 %.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ver-1m_comparison_analytical_temperature_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the temperature as a function of the distance from the center. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, yielding a maximum root mean square percentage error (RMSPE) of RMSPE = 0.18 %.
```

!media comparison_ver-1l.py
       image_name=ver-1m_comparison_analytical_temperature_location.png
       style=width:80%;margin-bottom:2%;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto
       id=ver-1m_comparison_analytical_temperature_location.png
       caption=Comparison of TMAP8 calculation with the analytical solution for steady state temperature profile.

> [ver-1m_comparison_analytical_concentration_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the concentration profile as a function of the distance from the center. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, with a maximum root mean square percentage error of RMSPE = 0.03 %. Results from literature [!cite](huang01102000) are also shown as a comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ver-1m_comparison_analytical_concentration_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the concentration profile as a function of the distance from the center. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, with a maximum RMSPE of 0.03 %. Results from literature [!cite](huang01102000) are also shown as a comparison.
```

# ver-1m

# Heat Transfer and Hydrogen Thermodiffusion in U-ZrH

## General Case Description

> This verification case is taken from [!cite](huang01102000) which considers hydrogen diffusion through a uranium zirconium hydride (UZrH) fuel pellet under the influence of a temperature gradient. The driving forces of hydrogen migration are Fickian diffusion (which was verified in other verification cases including [ver-1b](ver-1b.md) and [ver-1dd](ver-1dd.md)), and the Soret effect (which was verified in [ver-1l](ver-1l.mb)). The novelty of this verification case is the coupling of the two phenomena. The temperature profile in the fuel is calcualted from conduction with heat generation which is verified in [ver-1fa](ver-1fa.mb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This verification case is taken from [!cite](huang01102000) and considers hydrogen diffusion through a uranium zirconium hydride (UZrH) fuel pellet under the influence of a temperature gradient. The driving forces of hydrogen migration are Fickian diffusion (which was verified in other verification cases including [ver-1b](ver-1b.md) and [ver-1dd](ver-1dd.md)), and the Soret effect (which was verified in [ver-1l](ver-1l.mb)). The temperature profile in the fuel is calculated from conduction with heat generation, which is verified in [ver-1fa](ver-1fa.mb). However, in this case, steady state solution is assumed for heat conduction. The novelty of this verification case is the coupling of these phenomena. 
```

> Fickian diffusion describes mass transport due to a concentration gradient, while the Soret effect describes species migration in response to a temperature gradient. This coupling of thermal and mass transport can be important for metal hydride moderators for fission reactors because temperature gradients are created by fission in the core which can cause the hydrogen to migrate through the moderator and impact the overall reactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fickian diffusion describes mass transport due to a concentration gradient, while the Soret effect describes species migration in response to a temperature gradient. This coupling of transport along thermal and mass gradients can be important for metal hydride moderators for fission reactors because temperature gradients are created by fission in the core which can cause the hydrogen to migrate through the moderator and impact the overall reactivity.
```

In this problem, hydrogen diffuses radially through a UZrH fuel pin under a temperature profile calculated using different linear heating rates. It is assumed that no hydrogen leaks from the fuel pin, so the outer boundary of the fuel is impermeable. The combined effects of concentration-driven diffusion and temperature-driven thermodiffusion are verified against an analytical solution and compared to literature values from [!cite](huang01102000). Results from four different linear heating rates are shown to further illustrate how different temperatures impact the results.

## Case Set up

> This verification case models radial hydrogen diffusion through a two-dimensional pin of radius $r = 0.005$ m with a temperature distribution across the domain, calculated from the conduction equation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This verification case models radial hydrogen diffusion through a two-dimensional pin of radius $r = 0.005$ m with a temperature distribution across the domain, calculated from the heat conduction equation:
```

\begin{equation} \label{eq:thermal_equation}
\rho C_P \frac{d T}{d t} = \nabla \cdot k \nabla T + q''',
\end{equation}

where $T$ is the temperature, $\rho$ is the density, $C_P$ is the specific heat, $k$ is the thermal conductivity, and $q'''$ is the internal volumetric heat generation rate.

The conduction equation is evaluated across the fuel, gap and cladding with a convective boundary condition to model heat transfer into the coolant.

> The outer boundary of the fuel pellet is impermeable (zero hydrogen flux) and there are no hydrogen sources or sinks within the fuel pellet. The initial concentration in terms of atomic fraction H/Zr throughout the domain is uniformly $C_0$ = 1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The outer boundary of the fuel pellet is impermeable (zero hydrogen flux) and there are no hydrogen sources or sinks within the fuel pellet. The initial concentration throughout the domain is uniformly $C_0$ = 1.6 at. frac. (H/Zr).
```

The governing equation for the coupled Fickian diffusion and the Soret effect is described as:

\begin{equation} \label{eq:hydrogen_diffusion}
    \frac{\partial c_H}{\partial t} = \nabla\cdot\left[-D\left(\nabla c_H+\frac{Q^\ast c_H}{RT^2}\nabla T\right)\right],
\end{equation}

> where $c_H$ is the hydrogen atom fraction, $D$ is the diffusivity, and $Q^\ast$ is the heat of transport. The diffusivity is a function of temperature, given by the Arrhenius relation [!cite](majer_mechanism_1994):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $c_H$ is the hydrogen atom fraction, $D$ is the diffusivity, and $Q^\ast$ is the heat of transport. The diffusivity is a function of temperature, given by the Arrhenius relation [!citep](majer_mechanism_1994):
```
unless the reference is part of the sentence, we want to make sure to include parenthesis around it, which can be done with `citep` instead of `cite`.

\begin{equation}

>     D=D_0exp\left(-\frac{E_a}{RT}\right),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    D=D_0 \exp\left(-\frac{E_a}{RT}\right),
```

\end{equation}

> where $D_0$ is the limiting diffusivity in m^2/s $E_a$ is the activation energy in kJ/mol, $R$ is the gas constant in J/Kmol, and $T$ is the temperature in K.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $D_0$ is the limiting diffusivity in m$^2$/s, $E_a$ is the activation energy in kJ/mol, $R$ is the gas constant in J/Kmol, and $T$ is the temperature in K.
```

The material properties and case parameters are provided in [ver-1m_set_up_values].

!table id=ver-1m_set_up_values caption=Values of material properties and case geometry for the UZrH hydrogen migration verification problem.
| Parameter    | Description                        | Value    | Units       | Reference |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------- |
| $r_f$        | Pin radius                         | 0.005    | m           | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $t_g$        | Gap thickness                      | 0.0001   | m           | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $t_c$        | Cladding thickness                 | 0.001    | m           | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $k_f$        | Fuel thermal conductivity          | 17.6     | W/mK        | [!cite](huang01102000) |

> | $k_c$        | Cladding thermal conductivity      | 16.5     | W/mK        | estimate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| $k_c$        | Cladding thermal conductivity      | 16.5     | W/mK        | Estimate
```
Don't you have a reference for this value? Or at least a reference that provided an order of magnitude?

| $C_g$        | Gap conductance                    | 7381     | $W/m^2K$    | [!cite](huang01102000) |

> | $h_c$        | Coolant heat transfer coefficient  | 18000    | $W/m^2K$    | Estimate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| $C_g$        | Gap conductance                    | 7381     | W/m$^2$K    | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $h_c$        | Coolant heat transfer coefficient  | 18000    | W/m$^2$K    | Estimate
```

| $T_{\infty}$ | Temperature of coolant             | 563.15   | K           | [!cite](huang01102000) |

> | $D_0$        | Limiting diffusivity               | 1.53e-7  | m$^2$/s     | [!cite](majer_mechanism_1994) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| $D_0$        | Limiting diffusivity               | 1.53$\times$10$^{-7}$  | m$^2$/s     | [!cite](majer_mechanism_1994) |
```

| $E_a$        | Diffusion activation energy        | 0        | kJ/mol      | *see note
| $Q^\ast$     | Heat of Transport                  | 5.3      | kJ/mol      | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $C_0$        | Initial concentration              | 1.6      | -           | [!cite](huang01102000) |

> | $R$          | Gas constant                       | 8.31446261815324    | J/molK      | [PhysicalConstants](source/utils/TMAP8PhysicalConstants.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| $R$          | Gas constant                       | 8.31446261815324    | J/mol/K      | [PhysicalConstants](source/utils/TMAP8PhysicalConstants.md) |
```

| LHR          | Linear heating rate                | 150-300  | W/cm        | [!cite](huang01102000) |

Note: The diffusion coefficient is technically different for each linear heating rate as calculated by the equation above, but the value does not impact the steady state solution, so the limiting diffusivity is assumed in all cases.

The verification focuses on two aspects of the solution: (1) the steady state temperature profile and (2) the final steady state spatial hydrogen concentration profile.

## Analytical solution

For steady state radial heat transfer, the conduction equation becomes:

\begin{equation}

>       \frac{1}{r}\frac{d}{dr}(rk_f \frac{dT}{dr}) + q''' = 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \frac{1}{r}\frac{d}{dr} \left(rk_f \frac{dT}{dr} \right) + q''' = 0
```

\end{equation}

> Using symmetry tells that conduction from the center is equivalent in all directions, meaning that $\frac{dT}{dr}=0$, at r = 0, and substituting $q''' = \frac{q'}{\pi r_f^2}$ (where q' is the linear heating rate in W/m), gives the temperature profile in the fuel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using symmetry tells that conduction from the center is equivalent in all directions, meaning that $dT/dr=0$, at $r = 0$, and substituting $q''' = q' / (\pi r_f^2)$ (where q' is the linear heating rate in W/m), gives the temperature profile in the fuel:
```
avoid `\frac` within the text, it can make fonts very small.

\begin{equation}
      T_f(r) = T_c -\frac{q'}{4\pi k_fr_f^2}r^2,
\end{equation}

> where $T_c$ is the centerline temperature of the fuel in K, which can be calculated by a thermal resistor model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $T_c$ is the centerline temperature of the fuel in K, which can be calculated by a thermal resistor model:
```

> where $T_c$ is the centerline temperature of the fuel in K, which can be calculated by a thermal resistor model.

Reviewer: Do you have a reference for this?

\begin{equation}

>       T_c = T_\infty + q'[\frac{1}{2 \pi r_f h_g} + \frac{ln(\frac{r_{co}}{r_{ci}})}{2 \pi k_c} + \frac{1}{2 \pi r_{co} h_w} + \frac{1}{4 \pi r_f^2}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      T_c = T_\infty + q' \left[\frac{1}{2 \pi r_f h_g} + \frac{ln(\frac{r_{co}}{r_{ci}})}{2 \pi k_c} + \frac{1}{2 \pi r_{co} h_w} + \frac{1}{4 \pi r_f^2} \right].
```

\end{equation}

For the analytical steady state hydrogen profile, it is assumed that the temperature profile has already reached steady state and does not vary with time. This assumption is valid since hydrogen diffusion is a very slow process compared to conduction.

For steady state, radial hydrogen redistribution the diffusion equation described previously becomes:

\begin{equation}
    0 = \frac{d c_H}{dr} + \frac{Q^\ast C}{RT^2}\frac{dT}{dr}
\end{equation}

The analytical solution to this was calculated by [!cite](stefano_terlizzi_asymptotic_2023):

\begin{equation}

>     c_H(r) = K *exp(\frac{Q^\ast}{RT(r)}),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    c_H(r) = K \exp \left(\frac{Q^\ast}{RT(r)}\right),
```

\end{equation}

> where T(r) is the temperature profile and K is determined from mass conservation, assuming that the initial concentration ($C_0$) is uniform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $T(r)$ is the temperature profile and K is determined from mass conservation, assuming that the initial concentration ($C_0$) is uniform:
```

\begin{equation}
    K = \frac{C_0\pi r_f^2}{\int_{0}^{r_f} r \, \exp\!\left(\frac{Q}{RT(r)}\right) \, dr}
\end{equation}

## Results

### Steady state results

> [ver-1m_comparison_analytical_temperature_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the temperature as a function of the distance from the center. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, yielding a maximum root mean square percentage error (RMSPE) of RMSPE = 0.18 %.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ver-1m_comparison_analytical_temperature_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the temperature as a function of the distance from the center of the fuel. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, yielding a maximum root mean square percentage error (RMSPE) of RMSPE = 0.18 %.
```

> !media comparison_ver-1m.py

Reviewer: Please remove the title in the figure. You already have a figure caption.

       image_name=ver-1m_comparison_analytical_temperature_location.png
       style=width:80%;margin-bottom:2%;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto
       id=ver-1m_comparison_analytical_temperature_location.png
       caption=Comparison of TMAP8 calculation with the analytical solution for steady state temperature profile.

> [ver-1m_comparison_analytical_concentration_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the concentration profile as a function of the distance from the center. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, with a maximum RMSPE of 0.02 %. Results from literature [!cite](huang01102000) are also shown as a comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ver-1m_comparison_analytical_concentration_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the concentration profile as a function of the distance from the center. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, with a maximum RMSPE of 0.02 %. Results from [!cite](huang01102000) are also shown as a comparison.
```

> [ver-1m_comparison_analytical_concentration_location.png] shows the comparison of the TMAP8 calculation and the analytical solution for the concentration profile as a function of the distance from the center. The TMAP8 prediction matches the analytical solution with excellent agreement for each linear heating rate, with a maximum RMSPE of 0.02 %. Results from literature [!cite](huang01102000) are also shown as a comparison.

Reviewer: Please explain how you have extracted the values from the Huang et al. I imagine you did it by hand (i.e., using webplotdigitizer) or something, which could explain why the curves are a bit squiggly. be explicit about that. 
Also, do you know why their results do not match the analytical solution? It seems like they did not have a Neumann BC applied at the center of the pellet.

Author: In the paper they do assume a zero-flux Neumann BC. I think that that the reason that their results are off from the analytical  is because they were solving over time and didn't solve it long enough to reach the steady state. But that's just my guess so I'm not sure if I should put that in the documentation

Reviewer: I think it is worth mentioning in the documentation, but with nuance since we do not have all the information. 

Here are some of the things you can acknowledge and mention:
- there are some differences between the reproduced data from Huang et al. and the analytical solution (which is matched by the TMAP8's predictions)
- potential reasons include:
  - The Huang et al. results were extracted from the figure of the paper which introduces some errors
  - Because the results differ towards the fuel, it is hypothesized that the boundary conditions was applied differently in Huang et al.. Although Huang et al. state using a null Neumann BC, which would be consistent with the analytical solution, the results do not consistently show a null flux at the fuel center.

| $k_f$        | Fuel thermal conductivity          | 17.6     | W/mK        | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $k_c$        | Cladding thermal conductivity      | 16.5     | W/mK        | [!cite](harvey_engineering_1982) |
| $C_g$        | Gap conductance                    | 7381     | W/m$^2$K    | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $h_c$        | Coolant heat transfer coefficient  | 18000    | W/m$^2$K    | Estimate
| $T_{\infty}$ | Temperature of coolant             | 563.15   | K           | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $D_0$        | Limiting diffusivity               | 1.53$\times$10$^{-7}$  | m$^2$/s     | [!cite](majer_mechanism_1994) |
| $E_a$        | Diffusion activation energy        | 0        | kJ/mol      | *see note
| $Q^\ast$     | Heat of Transport                  | 5.3      | kJ/mol      | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $C_0$        | Initial concentration              | 1.6      | -           | [!cite](huang01102000) |
| $R$          | Gas constant                       | 8.31446261815324    | J/mol/K      | [PhysicalConstants](source/utils/TMAP8PhysicalConstants.md) |
| LHR          | Linear heating rate                | 150-300  | W/cm        | [!cite](huang01102000) |

> Note: The diffusion coefficient is technically different for each linear heating rate as calculated by the equation above. The steady state solution comes from the balance of the concentration driven and thermodiffusion terms, which are both multiplied by the diffusion coefficient. The diffusion coeffient changes the time it takes to reach steady state, but does not change the ratio between the two terms. As a result, the value does not impact the steady state solution, so the limiting diffusivity is assumed in all cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The diffusion coefficient is technically different for each linear heating rate as calculated by the equation above. The steady state solution comes from the balance of the concentration driven and thermodiffusion terms, which are both multiplied by the diffusion coefficient. The diffusion coefficient affects the time it takes to reach steady state, but does not change the ratio between the two terms. As a result, the value does not impact the steady-state solution, so the limiting diffusivity is assumed in all cases.
```

The verification focuses on two aspects of the solution: (1) the steady state temperature profile and (2) the final steady state spatial hydrogen concentration profile.

## Analytical solution

For steady state radial heat transfer, the conduction equation becomes:

\begin{equation}
      \frac{1}{r}\frac{d}{dr} \left(rk_f \frac{dT}{dr} \right) + q''' = 0
\end{equation}

Using symmetry tells that conduction from the center is equivalent in all directions, meaning that $dT/dr=0$, at $r = 0$, and substituting $q''' = q' / (\pi r_f^2)$ (where q' is the linear heating rate in W/m), gives the temperature profile in the fuel:

\begin{equation}
      T_f(r) = T_c -\frac{q'}{4\pi k_fr_f^2}r^2,
\end{equation}

> where $T_c$ is the centerline temperature of the fuel in K. This can be calculated by a thermal resistor model,as shown in [!cite](todreas_nuclear_1990):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $T_c$ is the centerline temperature of the fuel in K. This can be calculated by a thermal resistor model, as shown in [!cite](todreas_nuclear_1990):
```
